{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green113\blue123;\red26\green29\blue34;\red155\green162\blue177;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c49804\c51765\c55686;\cssrgb\c13725\c15294\c18039;\cssrgb\c67059\c69804\c74902;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/* Program to perform multi-digit integer arithmetic.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3    Skeleton program written by Alistair Moffat, ammoffat@unimelb.edu.au,\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    August 2023, with the intention that it be modified by students\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    to add functionality, as required by the assignment specification.\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    All included code is (c) Copyright University of Melbourne, 2023\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3    Student Authorship Declaration:\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3    (1) I certify that except for the code provided in the initial skeleton\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    file, the  program contained in this submission is completely my own\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    individual work, except where explicitly noted by further comments that\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    provide details otherwise.  I understand that work that has been developed\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    by another student, or by me in collaboration with other students, or by\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    non-students as a result of request, solicitation, or payment, may not be\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    submitted for assessment in this subject.  I understand that submitting for\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    assessment work developed by or in collaboration with other students or\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    non-students constitutes Academic Misconduct, and may be penalized by mark\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    deductions, or by other penalties determined via the University of\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    Melbourne Academic Honesty Policy, as described at\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    https://academicintegrity.unimelb.edu.au.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3    (2) I also certify that I have not provided a copy of this work in either\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    softcopy or hardcopy or any other form to any other student, and nor will I\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    do so until after the marks are released. I understand that providing my\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    work to other students, regardless of my intention or any undertakings made\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    to me by that other student, is also Academic Misconduct.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3    (3) I further understand that providing a copy of the assignment\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    specification to any form of code authoring or assignment tutoring service,\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    or drawing the attention of others to such services and code that may have\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    been made available via such a service, may be regarded as Student General\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    Misconduct (interfering with the teaching activities of the University\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    and/or inciting others to commit Academic Misconduct).  I understand that\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    an allegation of Student General Misconduct may arise regardless of whether\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    or not I personally make use of such solutions or sought benefit from such\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3    actions.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 */\cf4 \cb1 \
}